# Hospitality-Sigh
There have been countless times I have thought that, in order for an individual to be successful in the hospitality business they either need to be an exceptional actor or someone who can compartmentalise their emotions so thoroughly, you wouldn’t know a furious customer had just screamed right in their face only two minutes ago. It is our duty as people serving food to be pleasant and happy, despite the tantrums and the grumpiness of the daily cafe goers. Plaster on a grin, tell them you wish they enjoy their meal even though you previously had them telling you that you're too slow and that they expect better from the company. Then, you're supposed to serve someone else with a smile or they'll be complaining that you were too stern, too “in a world of your own” to be doing the job you do. And the cycle continues. 
There’s something about the customers in the food industry, I like to call them a new to me adjective I heard a friend use in the past; “hangry”, derived from the words “hungry” and “angry”, alas, I am sure this word will eventually become part of our official dictionary soon enough!

Sometimes, after all the complaints and wails and cries of despair I hear on a daily basis I sit back and wonder what sort of occupations they all have, surely, at least 90% of them have had to deal with difficult clients/customers/people in their lifetimes, surely they would be able to sympathise, to see that they are being unreasonable and disrupting, I must be wrong. 
I am finding it hard to believe that someone can kick up such a fuss over not getting exactly what they want when they want it and yet, I see it daily. 

Have people become so negative that they feel the need to immediately get angry over the fact that someone can’t provide them with a cheese and ham toasted sandwich? 
